obj/calendar.o: obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o

obj/closea.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_fortran.o
obj/closea.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/oce.o obj/phycst.o obj/timing.o

obj/daymod.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/ioipsl.o obj/iom.o
obj/daymod.o: obj/phycst.o obj/prtctl.o obj/timing.o


obj/dom_oce.o: obj/par_oce.o

obj/domain.o: obj/closea.o obj/dom_oce.o obj/domhgr.o obj/dommsk.o obj/domstp.o
obj/domain.o: obj/domvvl.o obj/domwri.o obj/domzgr.o obj/in_out_manager.o
obj/domain.o: obj/ioipsl.o obj/iom.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/oce.o
obj/domain.o: obj/phycst.o obj/timing.o obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/domcfg.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o
obj/domcfg.o: obj/timing.o

obj/domhgr.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domwri.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o
obj/domhgr.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o obj/timing.o

obj/dommsk.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o
obj/dommsk.o: obj/oce.o obj/timing.o obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/domngb.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/timing.o
obj/domngb.o: obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/domstp.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/oce.o

obj/domvvl.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/domvvl.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/oce.o obj/phycst.o obj/timing.o obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/domwri.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/domwri.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o obj/timing.o obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/domzgr.o: obj/closea.o obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o
obj/domzgr.o: obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/oce.o obj/timing.o obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/eosbn2.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_fortran.o
obj/eosbn2.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o obj/prtctl.o obj/timing.o
obj/eosbn2.o: obj/wrk_nemo.o


obj/flincom.o: obj/calendar.o obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o

obj/fliocom.o: obj/calendar.o obj/defprec.o obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o

obj/getincom.o: obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o

obj/histcom.o: obj/calendar.o obj/errioipsl.o obj/fliocom.o obj/mathelp.o
obj/histcom.o: obj/nc4interface.o obj/stringop.o

obj/in_out_manager.o: obj/nc4interface.o obj/par_oce.o

obj/ioipsl.o: obj/calendar.o obj/errioipsl.o obj/flincom.o obj/fliocom.o
obj/ioipsl.o: obj/getincom.o obj/histcom.o obj/mathelp.o obj/restcom.o
obj/ioipsl.o: obj/stringop.o

obj/iom.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom_def.o obj/iom_nf90.o
obj/iom.o: obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/iom_def.o: obj/par_kind.o

obj/iom_nf90.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom_def.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/iom_nf90.o: obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/lbclnk.o: obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/lbcnfd.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o


obj/lib_fortran.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o
obj/lib_fortran.o: obj/par_oce.o

obj/lib_mpp.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbcnfd.o obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/make_domain_cfg.o: obj/nemogcm.o

obj/mathelp.o: obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o

obj/mppini.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/ioipsl.o obj/iom.o
obj/mppini.o: obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/mppini_2.h90.o: obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o


obj/nemogcm.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domain.o obj/domcfg.o obj/lbcnfd.o
obj/nemogcm.o: obj/lib_fortran.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/mppini.o obj/phycst.o
obj/nemogcm.o: obj/step_oce.o

obj/oce.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/par_oce.o


obj/par_oce.o: obj/par_kind.o

obj/phycst.o: obj/in_out_manager.o obj/par_oce.o

obj/prtctl.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/wrk_nemo.o

obj/restart.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/eosbn2.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o
obj/restart.o: obj/oce.o obj/phycst.o

obj/restcom.o: obj/calendar.o obj/errioipsl.o obj/fliocom.o obj/mathelp.o
obj/restcom.o: obj/stringop.o

obj/step_oce.o: obj/daymod.o obj/dom_oce.o obj/eosbn2.o obj/in_out_manager.o
obj/step_oce.o: obj/iom.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/oce.o obj/prtctl.o obj/timing.o

obj/stpctl.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o
obj/stpctl.o: obj/oce.o


obj/timing.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/trc_oce.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/par_oce.o

obj/wrk_nemo.o: obj/par_oce.o

